Advanced Keycloak CR configuration (#11065)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/guides/src/main/operator/basic-deployment.adoc

kubectl port-forward service/example-kc-service 8443:8443
----

==== Accessing the Admin Console

> When deploying Keycloak the operator will generate arbitrary initial admin username and password and store those credentials as a Kubernetes basic-auth Secret in the same namespace as the CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying Keycloak, the operator generates an arbitrary initial admin-username and -password and stores those credentials as a Kubernetes basic-auth Secret in the same namespace as the CR.
```

Author: partially integrated, in this case, we want to use `username` and `password` as they are the specific fields:
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/#basic-authentication-secret
